Previously on
"brothers & sisters"...
mommy and daddy love you both more
than anything else in the world.
But you don't love
each other anymore?
Did you up your pain medication?
I can't believe you'd ask me that.
Julia took elizabeth and left.
It says here that there's just tons of
young divorcs like yourself out there.
Oh, goody. More competition.
Weren't you wearing that yesterday?
She is our employee!
It ends now. From now on,
it is no longer a mistake.
It is a oice. I hope
you make the right one.
I'm not afraid.
I love you.
I think that what we have not only
feels good, but -it feels right.
It is right.
Look at you, honey.
You're almost as
good at math as mommy.
But you get to use a calculator.
Mrs. Fletcher says that's cheating.
Oh, well, mrs. Fletcher doesn't do cash
flow projections with seasonal variables.
Eat fast. Cooper!
Come on, coop, come finish
your breakfast, please.
Permission slip.
Why do they want the pediatrician's
nuer on every permission slip?
Why don't they just
keep it on file, hmm?
Cooper!
Now, please!
Argh, mateys!
Oh, honey, it's
not halloween today.
You have a field trip,
and it's cold at the zoo.
No, it isn'T.
Mom, I can't be seen with him.
okay, that's your dad, guys.
Let's go. Go, go, go.
Cooper, I want you to finish
your breakfast in the car, okay?
Hey, dad.
Cooper!
thanks for this, joe.
I had to reschedule a conference call
because of our thing this afternoon.
All right, no problem. I
like taking them to school.
Hey there, captain no-beard, huh?
You're gonna get cold in that.
He has a jacket.
Hand over your sword, buster.
all right, you two, in the car.
- Bye, mom.
-Try not to get syrup on daddy's car seats, okay?
I asked kevin to represent me.
Yeah, figured you might.
See you at 2:00.
our nation's levees, bridges and roads
need repair, and we need to fix them,
and not by raising taxes
- by reallocating funds that are currently available.
Governor adamson,
you have 30 seconds.
Well, okay, look amy record.
I have made infrastructure in
my home state my top priority.
I mean, not to mention that-that-
you know, that-that pizza...
I'm sorry. Lunch break is over.
No, it's the pizza. The pizza-
the shrimp-they smell rancid.
- I had three pieces.
-I had four.
Well, it serves yoright for
eating pizza with shrimp.
- please.
-Now we're trailing in five key states. So can we get back to it?
"Senator, do you
believe in evolution?
Or is it as the bible says, that
god created the world in six days?
Well, that's a
little before my time.
honey...
no, that's good.
No, use humor. It makes
you seem like a real person.
I am a real person.
should I repeat the question?
Well, the question's the problem.
Faith and science shouldn't
be mutually exclusive.
Whether you beeve that six days is literally
624-hour intervals or something longer,
well, that's a conversation
that we can have.
But if you're asking me whether or
not I believe in god, the answer's yes.
Oh, god.
what is she, an atheist?
I don't feel very good.
well, I don't blame you.
I read in today's op-ed piece- it says that
robert's entire campaign comes down to this debate.
Ah, well, it kind of does.
Well, that's an
awful lot of pressure.
Robert's the best
of that awful bunch.
Well, I'm sure he'll be happy to...
Honey?
I think I have food poisoning.
Well, what did you eat?
Pizza with shrimp.
Did the shrimp smell bad?
Well, yeah, yeah,
the whole room reeked.
Mom, I-I-i can't
talk about it.
Kitty, when was your last period?
Mom.
Sweetheart, are you late?
I don't-I don't know.
I...
well, I guess maybe, yeah.
I've-I've been stressed.
Sweetheart, listen to me.
I want you to go to the drugstore
and buy a pregnancy test.
Mom, I'm not pregnant.
We're-we're very careful.
Honey, every time I was pregnant,
I couldn't stomach fish or
crab or any kind of sea meat.
Okay, okay, mom, stop.
I'm going to the drugstore.
Good. And then just call
me the minute you get back.
hey, lena, can you come
in here for a second?
Here. I pulled the file
for millview grocery.
Thanks.
Uh, sit down.
Are you firing me?
Because I just bought a really
amazing purse that cost me a fortune.
I'm not firing you.
But?
But what happened the other
night, it can't happen again.
Look, it's not about you.
It's me.
Gosh, that sounds so clich?
Here-listen, tommy, I'm gonna
let you off the hook here.
I'm not naive.
I know you have a wife, a kid.
I don't want to ruin that.
It's just, eventually
everybody gets hurt.
I
- I don't want to hurt julia.
I don't want to hurt elizabeth.
I don't want to hurt...
you. I...
all right, I'm not really understanding
what you're asking me here.
Are- look, if we can keep
it strictly professional-
We can.
I, uh, I can't say that I wish
that things weren't different.
but, you know, don't
- don't worry about it.
We're fine.
Okay, thanks.
So, uh, anything else?
I need, uh, billy alba's number,
you know, the, uh, filtration guy?
Will do.
Miss whedon assumes full responsibility for the
mortgage payments and the property taxes on the house.
And my client's guitar
collection, appraised at $46, 000?
My client is entitled to half.
No, that's all right.
You don't have to
- joe, they're yours.
Thank you.
Good. Finally, we ask miss whedon's
remaining inheritance of the ojai stock
be removed from the shares
designated as communal assets.
Mr. Whedon's fine with that.
He is?
Thank you, joe.
Okay.
Uh, now as far as the
children are concerned,
we have a temporary custody hearing
scheduled for later this week.
I assume shared custody is
agreed to by both parties?
Actually, my client would
like to alter this agreement.
He believes the children need
stability and consistency of care,
which, unfortunately, miss whedon
is not able to provide at this time.
What?
The demands of your position
as C.E.O.Of ojai foods-
I'm sorry, that's ridiculous.
My client has cutback her
hours since the separation.
She's been completely
ailable for her children.
What is this, joe?
Not this morning.
Mr. Walker, your client
called my client at 7:00 A.M.
Because she couldn't drop
her children off at school.
I had to reschedule
because of this meeting.
And my client was contacted
by his son's teacher
because miss whedon failed to sign the
necessary permission slip for a field trip.
I signed it. I just forgot it.
I'm sorry, are you seriously saying something that
minor could warrant a greater application for custody?
This is simply a recent example of miss whedon's
inability to balance parenting with her career.
What exactly are you
requesting in terms of custody?
My client is seeking
primary custody.
- No.
-Monday through friday and every other weekend.
-It's okay.
Counsel, in good faith, we
should have been notified
that you're seeking a substantial
change in the ctody arrangement.
I feel I've been
ambushed, as has my client.
48 hours is what
the judge requested.
We've given you 49.
Thank you so much
for the extra hour.
The meeting's over. Let's go.
Joe, you can't be serious.
joe? -let's go, sarah.
How about "ainsley"?"Alika"?
Mom, stop naming
my nonexistent baby.
And since when are you
so adventurous with names?
You threatened to disown sarah
when she named cooper "cooper.
" Oh, that's different.
Cooper's a last name.
I just didn't think anyone
wanted to have two last names.
"Alula.
" Why do these things take so long?
Well, at least you don't have to go to the doctor
and kill a rabbit to find out if you're pregnant.
Wait, who's pregnant?
Was that justin?
- No, no, of course not. Justin's at physical therapy.
-Mom?
Well, good, mom, because
nobody can know about this.
Of course not, honey.
There would be serious repercussions with
the campaign, and we're-we're not even...
what is it, kitty?What is it?
Is-is there a plus sign?
Uh, no.
No.
No, it's negative.
Oh, well, that's okay.
You weren't even trying, and like
you say, it's really not a good time.
Yeah, no, you're
right. You're right.
Uh, I gotta go.
Mom, I've-I've...
I've got a lot of work to do.
Okay, well, take something for your
damn stomach. I'm here if you need me.
Yeah, thanks. Bye.
- =www. ydy.
com/bbs=- proudly presents
sync:YTET-ÎÒÊÇÈçË½ÃÇé
-=www. ydy. com/bbs=-
Brothers&Sisters
Season 2 Episode 05
Primary custody?
That's not joe.
I didn't even
recognize him in there.
That's-that must be this lawyer.
No, it's not. Look, sarah, the...
she's representing her client.
- That'shat joe wants.
-No, no.
No, look, we've- we've
had our disagreements-
god knows, we're
getting a divorce-
but we always put the kids first.
Look, if I can just talk to
him one-on-one- no, no, no!
Absolutely not. You
stay away from joe, okay?
First things first. You tell me how
many times you've asked him for help.
He's their father!
While we were separating, I thought it
would be a good idea to have him around.
I'm being punished for that?
They'll use that to prove that he's been
and continues to be the primary caretaker.
How?
I support my family by working.
And for the record, we
made that decision together-
joe and me, when I was
pregnant with paige-
I would work, he would stay home. God
knows I can bring in five times what he can.
It made sense.
And I thought he
was so progressive.
You can fix this, right?
Sarah, you need an
experienced lawyer, okay?
And a weekend of cramming
is not gonna do it.
Joe's hid a barracuda.
I'm a guppy compared to that woman.
You know me.
You know what kind of mother I am.
I need you.
Okay, fine. Look,
I'll take care of the hearing,
only 'cause it's preliminary,
and I doubt the judge will
want to change anything.
After that, I am referring you to
the toughest divorce attorney know.
In the meantime, you have to get in touch with
everyone who's seen you in all your maternal glory.
that means teachers, doctors, other moms, family
- everyone, okay?
We need letters of reference
testifying to your character,
letters that say you're as good
a parent, if not better, than joe.
Can you do that?
Good.
You know what?
I don't really want to know.
Come on!
No, I just-I don't
need to hear about it.
Oh, my god, you are such a gossip.
- I am not.
-Yes, you are.
Look at your face.
You're dying to tell me.
I am.
I think kitty's pregnant.
oh, my god. Is she?
I overheard mom on the phone, and she
definitely used the word "pregnant.
And kitty's the only one
of us having sex right now.
- Wait. Unless you're
- oh, me?No, no.
- No. Are you?
-No.
God, I feel sad for us.
wait, so are you sure about this?
All I know is when mom saw me, she
took off and went right into the pantry.
When kevin came out-pantry.
When sarah got engaged-pantry.
When kitty told mom she
was a republican-pantry.
Blam. Smoking gun.
You gotta promise
not to tell anyone.
You're the gossip, not me.
D when adamson challenges you
on your bilingual campaign ads?
Look, if people want to succeed in the
united states, they gotta learn english.
But if I want to speak to the latino voters
in my state, I'm damn well gonna do it.
Where's the trash can?
I'm feeling much better, travis. Thank
you for asking me. How are you holding up?
My head is so full of debate prep that I can't even
- how are you?
I'm good. Um, I-
sorry to interrupt, but we
need a final decision othe tie.
All right, well, red's too obvious.
Uh, light blue practically
screams democrat.
Fine. We'll go with that one.
Uh, robert, I would like to talk
to you when you get a chance.
Well, you can't have him. We've still
got the immigration policies to go over.
Okay, well, have you prepped
all the family value questions?
Yeah, he's pro-life.
And pro-birth control.
Yeah, but don't hit that hard.
What about unwed mothers?
Yeah, well, I was at the
fund-raiser the other night,
and I was cornered three times,
people asking me questions.
that's bizarre.
Yeah, I thought it was, too.
Kitty, we have the latest draft
of the senator's opening remarks.
Oh, okay. I'll be there
in a minute. Robert-
do I even have a
position on unwed mothers?
Yes, you do, and it's the same as every other republican
- you support the nuclear family.
Well, that's a
little narrow-minded.
Stop alienating the base, kitty.
Look, this is exactly how they're gonna split
hairs and use your voting record against you.
Travis is right.
So I'm gonna go work on the
draft, and you focus on the prep.
You're okay with the tie?
'Cause they're telling me it's as
important as my take on the middle east.
Yeah, the tie is
- the tie is great.
The tie is great.
They're teamsters. Let it go.
Tommy?
Oh, sorry.
One turkopolis,
ready for consumption.
Oh, thanks. I'm starving.
I guess you're right. I
mean, let them keep their 14%.
It's not worth the hassle.
Lena, can you hang for a second?
I'm a little bit worried that you're
overstepping your duties as office manager.
By making him a sandwich?
Please don'T.
I'm better at this.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
I'm talking about you and tommy.
Whatever is happening
between the two of you,
whatever extracurricular
relationship you have,
it's bad for this company.
End it.
It's already over.
Good.
Thanks, lena. That's all.
hello.
Mrs. Fletcher, thank youo
much for calling me back.
Uh, no, no, everything's fine.
Yeah, she is. She's doing
very well at math. Thank you.
Uh, actually, this
is a little awkward.
Um, my husband joe and i
are trying to settle custody,
and the thing is, I need
a character reference.
You know what kind of parent I
am, and I hoped that you would...
um, I'm sorry.
Joe asked you a month ago?
You are unbelievable.
You got to all of them-
mrs. Fletcher, dr. Wasson,
the dance instructor, the
gymnastics teacher, our neighbors.
Joe, how long have
you been planning this?
We shouldn't be talking
without our attorneys.
Oh, please don't hide behind your overpriced
lawyer, which, by the way, I am paying for!
joe, do you really
hate me this much?
You're willing to deny everything
that I've done for our family for what,
to hurt me?
This might be hard
for you to understand.
This isn't about you.
The kids need stability, sarah.
Oh, don't give me that, joe.
Mom?
Paige.
Wait
- paige, go back inside. Go on. Go on.
Sweetie
- that's a good girl.
Let me talk to her.
Sarah, we're done here.
You've gotta let me talk to her.
I'll drop them off tonight.
Uh, mom said she left her
character reference for sarah in he.
Oh, go I said a
"letter, " not "novel.
" Mom's got a lot to say.
all right, so sarah and
joe-level with me. How bad is it?
It's not good but, you
know, it's up to a judge now.
Want some good news?
Kitty'S...
pregnant?
She wouldn't, not now.
I heard mom talking to her
on the phone, and mom saw me
- right off into the pantry.
- Oh, my god.
Did she go all the way in?
All the way in.
I'm gonna be an uncle again.
Dude, do me a favor. Wait for her to
tell you. 'Cause she's gonna kill me.
Yeah, you're right.
She will kill you.
Well, I have to deal with the fate of our other niece and nephew right now
- no pressure.
All right, good luck.
What are you drawing there?
- Fangs.
-Oh, they're fangs?
Well, they're gonna be great.
Paige, you want to
carve one, honey?
No, thank you.
you know, honey, it's almost time for
your bath. Why don't you run upstairs?
And I'll let you stay up
and watch "the great pumpkin.
" Come on, I'll be right up.
can mama sit down?
I'm sorry you had to hear
your daddy and me fighting.
That shouldn't have happened.
Who won?
What?
The fight. Who are
we gonna live with?
It's not about winning or losing.
We're just trying to figure out
what's best for you and cooper,
and sometimes we disagree.
But your daddy and i will
work it out, whatever it takes.
I wish you could come
trick-or-treating with us.
You're gonna have such a good time
with your dad and coop and gabe.
But you'll be all alone.
Well, worrying is my job.
Yours is to have fun, okay?
Yeah, e-mail me
the pictures. Great.
Uh, I'll be at my mom's, uh,
watching the debate, handing out candy
and missing my daughter's
first halloween.
look, julia, tt's the
other line. I gotta take it.
Give elizabeth a kiss.
Bye.
tommy walker.
Calm down.
Where are you?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I didn't mean to call
you. I tried everyone.
I just-I didn't
trust myself to drive.
I've been there plenty.
Get in.
Did your boss have to
come and pick you up, too?
Well, if you count my dad, yeah.
oh, please don't
tell holly about this.
Why would I?
She seems to know everything else.
What, did she say something to you?
Yes.
And she's right.
This is my first real job,
and I am messing it up.
Lena, you're doing great.
All right?Don't worry about holly.
This isn't about her.
I am sorry.
no, don't be.
limiting earmarks. -For.
- Gasoline tax.
-Against.
Credit loan oversight.
we need tougher legislation.
And more coffee.
Listen.
Tomorrow...
can we survive a
respectable showing?
Don't listen to the pundits.
Their job is to create drama.
It's not just the pundits.
It's the people. There'S...
something holding them
back from committing.
This is not the time to get
philosophical about the people.
You have their support.
Look at your contributions.
Yeah, but I don'want to
finish second or third.
Robert, listen, yore nervous.
Now this prep will pay off. Tomorrow, all you
have to do is go out there and don't screw up.
People just want
to know who you are.
This isn't a date.
This isn't a dinner party.
If I can't articulate my positions
in a way that people get it, hear it
and want me to lead, then it might
as well be a damn beauty pageant.
Okay, you're fried.
Uh, go home.
Get some sleep.
Travis, can you just not manage me and
talk to me about what's really going on?
You're home.
We finally called it.
I brought you some sushi.
Uh, well, thanks, but,
um, I'm not really hungry.
You're gonna want
champagne though, right?
Shouldn't we wait
until after the debate?
No. I think getting through debate
prep is enough of a victory. Don't you?
Oh, well, I'M...
I'm just not ready to put
anything into my stomach yet.
Think of it as ginger
ale, only more fun.
Robert.
Travis was right.
You're pregnant.
Travis.
How did he know?
He suspected, between the vomiting and
the sudden concern for unwed mothers.
How come I didn't know?
Well, I tried telling you, but between
choosing a tie and going over talking points
, I didn't really
see an opportunity.
You could've taken one minute to tell
me that we were gonna have a baby.
You chose not to.
No, I just didn't know how
you were gonna react, did I?
Don't second-guess me.
I have enough people doing that.
I look to you for honesty.
You know what, robert?
You're not the only one that
has a right to be upset here.
I just found out I'm pregnant.
And-and what, do I- do I get
to jump up and down and be giddy
and-and call my mother and call
my fianc?and call my friends?No!
Do I-do I get to go out
and buy booties or whatever?
No.
No, because I have to
worry about your campaign.
Kitty, sit down. You're pregnant.
That's a myth.
You want to know why I
didn't rush in and tell you?
Because this has to be
the worst possible timing.
We're not even married,
which means some idiot on talk radio is
gonna make this into a really big deal.
I mean, you think it's
hard running for president?
You should try being
engaged to the guy who is.
You're right, but you
still should've told me.
Oh, honestly, is that
what you're upset about?
Or are you upset about how this
is gonna go down in the red states?
Of course I'm thinking about that, and
so should you, given your job description!
How did this happen?
I thought we were being careful.
We were.
It happened anyway.
I don't know what part of me is more furious
- the fianc?
who was the last person
in the room to know,
or the candidate who just got
sandbagged by one of his senior staffers,
who, incidentally, may or may not be
getting sick backstage while I try to debate.
Where are you going?
I'm going to bed,
and you can relax, because tomorrow night I'm
gonna be watching the debate with my family.
You don't have to worry about
me getting sick backstage and-
and having people speculate.
xxxxxxxxx
oh, hi!Okay.
You look so cute. Everybody,
just take one. Just take one.
There you go. You look so cute.
What about me?
Well, you're cute, too.
Well, maybe not as cute as the
monkey, but pretty darn cute.
Come on in.
Mom, you are
so over-the-top.
Sweetie, I'm sorry I
got you all worked up.
I don't know. I can usually spot
a pregnant walk from a mile off.
It's the little mama.
And kitty!
how are you feeling...
about the debate?
Well, I feel confident.
Sort of.
Robert and I had a tiff.
A tiff?About what?
Uh, about
- about work stuff.
my gosh, at this rate,
we're gonna run out of candy.
I got so much more
than last year, too.
hold on!Coming!
there it is, the republican debate
on the scariest day of the year.
So kitty's pregnant.
What?
But, you know, we're in
"not supposed to know" mode.
not supposed to know what?
Oh, we're not supposed
to know about kevin's car.
Yeah, I'm gonna get a
hybrid, you know, because of,
you know, global warming, and i
freckle too much when I get sun.
Hey, kitty, come on,
sit down over here.
It's a great chair.
Put your feet up.
No, the-the couch is fine.
here we go. It's starting.
Good evening from boise, idaho.
I'm patricia bower.
Welcome to the
republican primary debate.
Let me introduce the candidates.
First
- congressman tom burgess...
governor clay adamson...
oh, I'll get that.
And senator robert mccallister.
Ooh, mccallister's tie
- tragic.
Oh, shut up, kevin. What
do you know about ties?
that tie isn't so bad.
It's not bad at all.
coming.
Took you long enough.
Where's your costume?
I'm an abandoned husband.
- You?
-Wounded vet.
Cool.
So you hear about kitty?
Yes, I voted against expanding
children's health care surance.
We have the best health
care of any nation...
because it's a free
market system. -Mother.
which is why we should be helping
businesses cover insurance costs.
And if elected, I will put forth
a plan advocating tax breaks...
oh, come on, robert.
Just get a word in.
but let's be honest.
The system is broken.
Without preventative heth care or disease
management, we've overrun our emergency rooms,
overtaxed our doctors and have an
increasingly unhealthy population.
we need to break for a commercial.
he seems to be doing well.
Yeah, he just has to land it.
I got the last one.
Oh, fine, I'll get it.
Don't give 'em too much candy.
Mom, you are so cheap.
we'll run out!
Trick or treat.
look, sexy nurse, sexy cat, sexy...
what, prostitute?
Very sweet.
But you're too old.
Uh, candy, or we
have eggs in the car.
Okay, fine.
One-one-one
apiece.
No, I oid-why aren't
- trick or treat.
I didn't expect to see you.
Well, the only thing more depressing
than not having your kids at halloween
having to feed candy
to other people's kids.
I thought the republican
debate would be more fun.
Affirmative action is necessary.
It gives historically
excluded groups access
oh, god. Who got her started?
hey, everyone.
Hi, honey.
Did you read my letter?
What, the novel?
Your positions on
roe V.Wade. Governor?
I've been advocating conservative
views for the past 40 years.
A culture of life represents
america at its best.
senator mccallister?
As a matter of policy, I
look to the constitution.
And contrary to what
roe V.Wade implies,
there's nothing in the constitution that prohibits
abortion or guarantees it as aundamental right,
and that's why believe the states should use their
own individual discretion and craft their own policy.
Remind me to cut a check
for pro-choice america.
It seems from senator mccallister's voting record
that he has no consistent position on the matter.
with all due respect, a nuanced
position is different than no position.
Yes. I gave him that line.
- Honey, that's wonderful.
-hat's a great line.
Considering senator mccallister's
fiance is pro-choice...
- wait, wait, wait. -I'm not surprised
he's flip-flopping on the issue.
- That's not good.
-that's low.
All right, I'm gonna
go for wine. Anybody?
Yeah, everyone should
try our new pinot.
Everyone except kitty.
- what?
-what?
I mean rebecca.
She's underage.
No, I'm not.
You're lying.
No, I can tell,
you're totally lying.
I always know when you're lying.
Kevin told me.
- Justin told me.
-Me, too.
And me.
I'm really lost right now.
I may have heard mom on the phone.
About what?
You were talking to kitty
about being pregnant.
Kitty's pregnant?
Mom, you went
straight to the pantry.
Oh, for god sake, mother, don't you
think you could be a little more discrete?
The pantry?
Now that's what you
get from eavesdropping.
Okay, yes, your sister took a
pregnancy test, but it was negative.
I knew she would have told me.
Well, actually, it was, um,
positive.
What?
Why didn't you tell me?I'm the
one that sent you to the drugstore!
I couldn't tell you,
not before I told robert.
Oh, I'm your mother!
You could tell me.
I'll get it.
Stop it.
Guys, guys, guys.
Moving on to the issue of tax
policy, senator, if elected,
would you adjust the current tax system
as congressman bridges suggested earlier?
Yes, I would.
And, you know...
you know, I'd like to go back to
governor adamson's comments on my fiance.
Apparently he believes that this party should be open
only to those who share his own very conservative views.
And, you know, abraham
lincoln freed the slaves.
Teddy roosevelt was a conservationist
who founded our national parks.
Dwight eisenhower used federal
troops toesegregate the schools.
All these men were republicans.
And as for bringing my fiance's personal
views into this, you know, clayton,.
you're fond of
invoking family values
Well, I value my family,
and so I'd appreciate it if you
debated me instead of my loved ones.
Because as I think we all can attest, our decision to
run for president is much harder on them than it is on us.
and if he wants to continue to talk
about my family or any other nonissue,
I'm happy to use his rebuttal time
to talk about my position on iraq.
oh, sweetheart, he's gonna
be a wonderful father.
Yeah, he is.
I can't believe you're
pregnant! -Mama Kitty!
A new baby!
I, uh, thought I'd
try out the new pinot.
Congrats.
My sister's having a baby.
That's such great news.
You might want to stay away
from all things seafoody.
Oh, no, I got that.
And I'll get youmy "what to expect" book,
though some women say it makes them insecure.
Actually there's this other book
that everybody's talking about.
Oh, and ginger tea really
helps with the puking.
right. And, sarah?
What can I do for you?
Make me not feel like every decision
I've made in my adult life was wrong
and I'm gonna lose
my kids because of it.
Oh, sarah, come on.
I mean, just look at those kids.
I mean, paige is more mature
than we were when we were 20,
and-and she's so freakin'
smart, it's-it's scary.
And-and
cooper- cooper
, I mean, he's
so-he's so confident.
He walks into a room like he's gonna take
over the world, and it's all because of you.
I mean, every day you show them
what it is to be strong and-a
nd in control and-
and-and sure of yourself.
I mean, I just...
I just hope that I can be
half as good a mom as you.
Pp knock, knock, knock.
I've got some dry toast,
poached egg, decaffeinated tea.
Thanks.
Feeling a little queasy?
Yeah, but it's not just that.
Just...
robert is so scared,
and I'm scared, and the
campaign is gonna suffer.
I mean, it's just-it's just...
is that what the tiff was about?
I remember when I found
out I was pregnant with you.
I thought your father
would have an aneurysm.
Ojai was just becoming successful, and you
can imagine the handful that little sarah was.
And then you were
born, and he held you.
You fit from his palm
to his elbow, and...
he fell in love.
and my life would certainly
not be the same without you.
So don't worry about the campaign.
You and robert are having
your first child together.
oh, god, I'm gonna
need a lot of help.
That's what I'm here for.
Do you realize how I'm
going to spoil that child?
And then I'll hand them back to you and
criticize you for how you're raising them.
I've got your briefs.
I'll review the documents and the
character testimonies submitted.
I assure you that I will make
my decision in a timely fashion.
Counsel, you'll hear
from me when I'm done.
That's it.
Can I say something?
Your honor, we did not
agree to personal statements.
If miss whedon wishes to say
something, I'd like to hear it.
I'm a good mother.
I know that.
I may not be able to drop them at school
every day, but I am their mother...
every day.
You can't punish me for
trying to parent and work.
I want my kids to know the
joy that I get from my work,
but it's nothing compared to the joy that
I get from being their mother every day...
and they know that.
Please.
Thank you.
I'll take that into account.
so do you know what
they're saying about you?
That I wore the wrong tie?
No.
No, they're saying that you won.
"The register, " "the times, "
"the journal, " it's unanimous.
And, you know, the whole time, my mind
kept drifting back to you being pregnant.
Well, you couldn't tell.
you know, all those,
uh, things that you...
said about mup there?I woul.
thank you.
Look, it's not lost on me, the
sacrifices that you're making.
I should have told you I was
pregnant. I shouldn't have waited.
But I get why you didn'T.
You're gonna be a great president.
And I understood what it meant
when we decided to get married.
But it's just really hard
sometimes to be happy about it.
Are you happy...
about the baby?
Yeah, I'm really, really happy.
I am.
Are you?
Yeah, nothing would make me happier
than starting a family with you.
that was so quick.
- What does it mean?
-Doesn't mean anything.
Hello, people.
Please be seated.
I know that you are anxious,
so let's get right into it.
My temporary ruling is not meant to
punish one party or the other party.
It is meant to serve the best
interests of the children.
Mr. Whedon has been
the primary caretaker.
In order to maintain that level
of consistency and stability,
I award joseph whedon full temporary
custody of paige and cooper whedon.
It's effective@mmediately.
Thank you, your honor.
Excuse me.
I'll pick them up tonight.
Listen to me.
It's not over, okay?
It's not the end.
It's not over yet, okay?
mom.
Kevin told you.
He did.
Joe's gonna be here in a minute.
I know.
So where are my grandkids?
Um, they're upstairs getting ready.
Well, let's go help 'em.
Anyone know what this is about?
Uh, unfortunately, I think I do.
Okay, um, thank
you all for staying.
I know that it's very late.
Um, kitty and I
have an announcement.
Robert and i are expecting.
A baby.
so we are in uncharted waters.
It's a family issue.
It's gonna be an issue, and
it's probably gonna cost us.
But I'm willing to pay the price.
'Cause at the end of the day,
it really shouldn't matter.
You say people want tknow who I am?
They're gonna find out.
Okay. So, uh,
I need every governor, senator,
congressman, mayor in the last 15 years-
one of them must have
had a baby out of wedlock
- and I want to see every
source for reactions,
from constituents, election data, polls
- just anything and everything.
Do you have a pen?
nora.
Joe.
dad!
Are you ready?
Excellent.
I'll get the big one, bud.
Hey, coop, come on over
here and give me a hug.
Come on.
Sweetie pie, I'll see
you in a few weeks.
- good-bye, grandma.
-Good-bye, sugar pie.
Oh, my little man.
You are going to
have such a good time.
And you be a good boy, okay?
Listen to your daddy.
- I will.
-Have fun.
Oh, I love you.
where's paige?
I'll go check on her.
honey, your dad's here for you.
Can I stay one more night?
you know.
I had hidden something in
here for you to find later,
but I think this just
might be a better time.
it's pink.
Still your favorite color, right?
Whenever you need to
talk about anything-
caitlin's being mean at school or
you need help with your homework
or you just want to
say hi, I will be there.
It doesn't matter how late
it is or where I am, okay?
You programmed it?
My office, my cell, grandma, kitty,
uncle kevin, uncle tommy, uncle justin
- they're all just a click away.
These two weeks,
they're gonna go so fast.
some days are rough but that's all
right they'll be well taken care of.
They've always been.
bye, sweetie.
I'll see you soon.
Hey, P.
Okay, coop, let's go!
okay, you two have
a good time, okay?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org